XSUP-48471/OktaASA - fix bug label description (#39233)
demisto/content: Packs/OktaASA/ReleaseNotes/1_0_1.md

#### Integrations

##### Okta ASA

> - Fixed an issue where the **API Key Secret** and **API Key ID** integration parameters descriptions were incorrect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **API Key Secret** and **API Key ID** integration parameters display names were incorrect.
```
